# Project 3

**What would you do differently?**  
I would probably start and commit more time to this earlier. There was a lot of troubleshooting that needed to be done that I did not expect.

**What was the most difficult part for you?**  
There were several very difficult parts throughout working on this report. The main one was collaborating on Github. I don't have a lot of experience with Github other than this class, so it was very intimidating when I got a merge conflict that I did not know how to resolve. At one point, my partner could not push there files up into the repo because of a conflict, so they did something called a force push (like Star Wars) into the repo, which eliminated all the commits that I had made. After this I was having the same issue that they were with not being able to push up changes because my files were different, so I was able to resolve this by saving all my files in a different location, and starting a new R project. But from that point on I did most of my work in a different file and coordinated with my partner on pushing things up to the repo.

**What are your big take-aways from this project?**  
I learned that these models take a really long time to render. I also learned about the Log-Loss metric and how to use the mnLogLoss function (although I'm not sure I did it correctly because my numbers looked a little off to me).

*Update: I realized there was an issue with the params. That issue has been resolved.*

Link to rendered repo: <https://arfloyd2.github.io/Project3.github.io/>

Link to GitHub repo: <https://github.com/arfloyd2/Project3.github.io>
